fix: keyboard links (#400)
keymanapp/keyman.com: _test/go.md

[live: keyman-engine-home](https://keyman.com/go/developer/16.0/keyman-engine-home)

### Skipping /go/developer/X.Y/language-lookup

> ethnlogue has a redirect that the link checker does not follow. BLC is returning BLC_UNKNOWN -- it gets the base link but then doesn't follow the redirect so it doesn't know if it is valid or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keyman.com has a redirect to ethnologue that the link checker does not follow. BLC is returning BLC_UNKNOWN -- it gets the base link but then doesn't follow the redirect so it doesn't know if it is valid or not.
```
